[{'name': 'Health - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 13, 521701), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'The ‘Blue Monday’ depression peak isn’t real, but seasonal blues are. What to do - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 20, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 15, 716818), 'text': 'Sign up for CNN’s Stress, But Less newsletter. Our six-part mindfulness guide will inform and inspire you to reduce stress while learning how to harness it.\n\nCNN —\n\nAs if we needed any more reason to ruminate over our own stresses or the world’s troubles, January 20 (today) is Blue Monday — the third Monday of January, which is rumored to be the most depressing day of the year.\n\nBut is it?\n\nResearch hasn’t proved that there is any one day more depressing than all the others, but it’s actually a PR stunt that has unfortunately cemented itself into modern culture. Every January now, blogs share their tips for how people can save themselves from the gloom, companies jump at the chance to promote their feel-good products and services, and social media follow suit.\n\nOrigin of a health myth\n\nBlue Monday began with a news release.\n\nIn 2005, the now-defunct UK TV channel Sky Travel sent journalists an excited promotional announcement that, with the help of a psychologist, it had calculated the most miserable day of the year.\n\nThe team had apparently worked it out with a complex formula developed by UK-based psychologist Cliff Arnall. It considered factors such as the weather to devise people’s lowest point.\n\nThe formula was meant to analyze when people booked holidays, assuming that people were most likely to buy a ticket to paradise when they were feeling down. Arnall was asked to come up with the best day to book a holiday trip, so he thought of reasons why people might want to take a holiday — and thus, the gloomiest day of the year was born.\n\nThere is generally more sadness in the winter time and January is not uncommon at all for overall more sadness among folks,” said Dr. Ravi Shah, a psychiatrist in private practice and formerly chief innovation officer of the department of psychiatry at Columbia University Irving Medical Center in New York City, in 2020. “So rather than dial in to one specific day, I think the more interesting question is what it is about the winter that affects our mood.”\n\nSome fuel stoking the Blue Monday fire could also be the phenomenon that’s based on research from Japan. In 2009, the suicide ratio for Mondays for Japanese men was significantly higher than on other days of the week, especially for those in the “productive age” category — suggesting that the structure of the work week and economic struggles were to blame.\n\nBlue Monday isn’t scientifically sound\n\nArnall’s formula looks the part: [W+(D-d)]xTQ/MxNA. Upon closer inspection, however, the variables involved are subjective and plainly unscientific. W, for instance, stands for weather. D is debt and d is monthly salary, while T means time since Christmas and Q is the time since you gave up on your New Year’s resolution.\n\nNone of the factors he included can be measured, or compared by the same units. The formula can’t be adequately assessed or verified. For example, there is no way to measure the average number of days since people slipped up on their New Year’s resolutions. And January’s weather varies among different states, countries and continents. In short, there is no scientific merit to it.\n\n“I had no idea it would gain the popularity that it has,” Arnall told CNN. “I guess a lot of people recognize it in themselves.”\n\nArnall has also claimed to campaign against his own idea of Blue Monday as part of the “activist group” Stop Blue Monday. But that group, as it turned out, was also a marketing campaign — this time for winter tourism to the Canary Islands.\n\nNow, he told CNN, he’d do it again.\n\n“I don’t regret it at all,” he said, adding he has “used the media” on several occasions with the intention of starting conversations about psychology.\n\n“My problem with academic psychology and peer reviewed publications … they don’t really make that much difference to regular people,” added Arnall, who was paid £1,200 to come up with Blue Monday.\n\nThat’s not a popular view in the profession, however.\n\n“This is not the right way to raise awareness,” said Dr. Antonis Kousoulis, director of the Global Mental Health Action Network, in 2020. “By saying this single day is the most depressing day of the year, without any evidence, we are trivialising how serious depression can be.”\n\n“Mental health is the biggest health challenge of our generation,” he added. “Trivializing it is completely unacceptable.”\n\n“Depression is not a single day phenomenon,” Shah said. “Depression is a clinical syndrome that has to be at least two weeks, most of the day, most days over time.”\n\nHowever, the winter blues are real\n\nCritics of the concept of a “Blue Monday” have held that attributing clinical depression to external causes — such as the idea that the number of days since Christmas may adversely affect people influenced by it — by suggesting their condition could be solved with something as easy as booking a vacation to a sunny beach.\n\nWhat is real is the winter blues, more clinically known as seasonal affective disorder, or SAD. It’s a form of depression that people experience usually during the fall and winter months when there is less sunlight. The most difficult months for people with SAD in the US tend to be January and February, but it improves with the arrival of spring.\n\nPsychology Today reported that SAD is estimated to affect 10 million Americans, and that another 10% to 20% may have mild symptoms. For 5% of adults who experience SAD, for about 40% of the year they have symptoms that can be overwhelming and can interfere with their daily lives.\n\nThe condition has been linked to a biochemical imbalance in the brain prompted by shorter daylight hours and less sunlight in winter. As seasons change, people experience a shift in their biological internal clock, or circadian rhythm, that can cause them to be out of sync with their regular schedule.\n\nCommon symptoms of SAD include fatigue despite how much a person sleeps, and weight gain associated with overeating and carbohydrate cravings, according to the American Psychiatric Association.\n\nOther signs include feelings of sadness, loss of interest in activities once enjoyed, feelings of worthlessness or guilt, trouble concentrating or making decisions, thoughts of death or suicide, and even suicide attempts.\n\nThe onset of SAD can occur at any age, but typically starts between the ages of 18 and 30 and is more common in women than in men.\n\nHow to combat seasonal affective disorder\n\nThe easiest way to start taking action against SAD is to focus on light exposure, Shah said. “If you can’t get natural sunlight, buy a light box,” he said.\n\nLight therapy involves sitting in front of a light therapy box that emits very bright light for a minimum of 20 minutes per day. Most people see improvements from this method within one or two weeks of beginning treatment.\n\nIn anticipation of the return of symptoms in late fall, some people begin light therapy in early fall to prevent them.\n\nIncreased exposure to sunlight can help improve symptoms as well. Those prone to symptoms may want to spend more time outside or arrange a sitting area in your house that is exposed to a window during the day. Antidepressants and talk therapy are effective in treating SAD as well.\n\nTaking holistic care of your health can also help: exercising regularly, eating well, sleeping enough when you can and staying connected with family and friends. Talk to your doctor, too, as SAD can be a manageable condition with the right diagnosis and treatment.\n\n“If you keep yourself active physically, mentally and socially and use a light box, that’s going to go a long way,” Shah said.\n\nSmart light bulbs can help you gently fall asleep or wake up by slowly brightening or dimming. Weighted blankets have been beneficial for some people who struggle with insomnia and anxiety.\n\nThe concept of Blue Monday was a relatable idea at best and a travel marketing scheme that probably didn’t work. But why stop there? Arnall later devised a formula determining the happiest day of the year, sponsored by an ice cream company, even though many find solace in the treat when they are least happy.\n\nSo, if you’re feeling OK today on Blue Monday, don’t anticipate that the day will hold impending doom. If you’re struggling with SAD, help is available.\n\nCNN’s Allen Kim contributed to this report, which was updated from a 2020 story.'}, {'name': 'Travel Videos - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 17, 322874), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'Relationships: Life, But Better - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 18, 710249), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'CNN - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 21, 110352), 'text': ''}, {'name': 'Mel Robbins says two words freed her from taking care of everyone else - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 19, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 24, 854554), 'text': 'Sign up for CNN’s Stress, But Less newsletter. Our six-part mindfulness guide will inform and inspire you to reduce stress while learning how to harness it.\n\nCNN —\n\nDo you get paralyzed by anxiety or overwhelmed by negative thoughts or depression? Here’s how to get out of your head and rocket yourself out of bed at the same time.\n\nI know it sounds ridiculously easy, but just stay with me. It’s a simple trick I learned from a world-renowned motivational speaker and best-selling author who used it to lift herself out of a seemingly hopeless situation. She has been through some tough times.\n\nHere it is: Count backward from five. Just try it wherever you are: five, four, three, two, one. Now get up and get moving.\n\nThat’s it. It’s not rocket science, but it is based on neuroscience. Stress is a natural physiological reaction that helps you step up to everyday challenges or perceived threats. But when the body’s fight-or-flight survival response doesn’t let up, temporary changes such as muscle tension, shallow breathing, rapid heartbeat and edginess can give way to headaches, trouble sleeping, irritability, and the debilitating paralysis symptomatic of chronic anxiety or depression.\n\nTo stop this crippling cycle, the five-second countdown is the advice Mel Robbins gave herself while facing the worst time in her adult life. She later shared the trick in her hugely popular book “The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence With Everyday Courage.”\n\nRobbins, one of the top podcasters in the world, said she discovered the life-changing tactic when she was hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt from a restaurant business she and her husband had launched. They had used just about all their money, including equity in their house, to build the business — and then the 2008 financial crisis hit, wiping them out.\n\nShe was paralyzed, failing to get out of bed for hours, unwilling to do anything about it, and giving up on herself every single day. And then one day, she had a thought that she said changed her life forever: Her mind drifted to the countdown NASA does before launching a rocket.\n\nInstead of launching a rocket, she wondered what would happen if she launched herself out of bed and into the world, even if it was just for a walk. That one simple trick allowed her to start tackling the things that were crippling her, one by one.\n\n“I started using this countdown technique — five, four, three, two, one — anytime I needed to do something that I didn’t feel like doing,” Robbins told me. “And it became a way for me to push myself through the feelings of doubt, despair, frustration, overwhelm, anxiety, procrastination, whatever the heck it was. Five, four, three, two, one, boom. I would just move.\n\n“See, your brain is designed to learn patterns. And the thing about patterns is this: You actually don’t break them,” Robbins said. “Patterns are designed to repeat. So, the only way you actually change patterns is by understanding the patterns that you don’t want to repeat anymore and then replacing them with something else.”\n\n“‘Five, four, three, two, one, go’ becomes the new pattern, replacing old patterns that didn’t get me anywhere,” she said. “I’ve tried it. It has worked for me on some of my most paralyzing mornings.”\n\nThe science behind the 5-second rule\n\nMel Robbins\' latest strategy for relieving frustration over things out of her control is to utter two simple words, "Let them." That tactic is then followed by "Let me." Nick Godsell/CNN\n\nIt turns out there is scientific evidence Robbins points to that backs up the effectiveness of this technique. When anxious or negative thoughts start to spiral in your head, you can stop them in their tracks by paying attention to your body and where you’re holding tension or pain, physician and neuroscientist Dr. Russell Kennedy explained during an April 2023 episode of “The Mel Robbins Podcast.”\n\nAs soon as you sense your trigger, start counting down without hesitation to shut down the stress response, which is activated by your sympathetic nervous system. “You develop this awareness. OK, this is my alarm coming up,” Kennedy said.\n\n“Do something to break that cycle, because if you don’t break that cycle you’re going to sit there and ruminate and ruminate and ruminate,” he said. “And rumination has tremendous inertia to it. Once you start getting into negative thoughts, you don’t feel like doing anything.”\n\nAfter the countdown, get moving and take action so you can shift your focus, reset and transition your body into a healing state of calm, activated by the parasympathetic nervous system, Kennedy said.\n\nHow do you lower stress?\n\nRobbins has touched a nerve with her latest technique, which is another simple phrase. The trick that she said finally allowed her to live her best life at 54 years old was inspired by two simple words uttered by her twentysomething daughter: “Let them.”\n\n“I was the person that was pissed off in the grocery store, stressed out gripping the steering wheel, annoyed by inconsiderate behavior, bending over backwards because people made me feel guilty,” Robbins said, “trying to make other people happy, trying to change other people, controlling other people because I thought it would make me feel more in control. That’s when I stumbled onto these two words: Let them.”\n\nHer daughter had said those two words to her several times when Robbins was trying to control some of the plans for her son’s prom night. Plans he repeatedly resisted, leaving Robbins a bit hurt and extremely frustrated.\n\n“The ‘let them’ theory is really about power and control,” Robbins said. “You use it anytime you feel frustrated, stressed out, annoyed, bothered, lonely, worried about somebody else or something else. You just say, ‘Let them!’”\n\nIt’s easy to apply to life. What can you do about people who make negative comments about you and hurt your feelings or talk behind your back? Let them. Your friend never picks up the phone when you call. Let them. Your spouse does nothing but complain they feel out of shape but won’t change their behavior even though you have offered to help.\n\nLet them.\n\nYour boss says they are still “working” on getting you that promotion: Let them. Your parents won’t go to the doctor but keep complaining about little pains they are feeling.\n\nLet them.\n\n“Let them” doesn’t mean you are giving up on them. It simply allows you to do something else.\n\n“When you say ‘let them,’ a number of things are happening and they’re really important. No. 1, you’re actually seeing and accepting a person exactly as they are. Maybe for the very first time,” Robbins said. “Second, you are recognizing that this situation and this person’s behavior right now is completely outside of my control. This is time and energy that I can use in a more effective way based on 50 years of research and science in human behavior and influence.”\n\nYou can’t change people — any psychologist will tell you that. But you can influence them in a way that does not stress you out, Robbins said. Which brings us to the second part of the equation. “Let them” must be followed by “let me.”\n\nHere’s one of the formulas Robbins recommends that has worked for her. It’s as easy to remember as “ABC.”\n\nA is for apologize: You can say something like, “I am really sorry I never took into consideration how my nagging about this may be affecting you.” Then without judgment ask open-ended questions. Genuinely try to understand. Some examples include: How have my comments or pushing made you feel? What do you think about the condition of your health, grades, finances and so on? What do you think would help you change them? Do you think they need to change?\n\nB is for back off: For three to six months, do not mention the issue that you have been harping on or worrying about. “Literally let them do whatever they want to do in that three-to-six-month period of time. And let me remind myself, I’m not stepping across the line here. And the reason why I say this is, it needs to take three to six months, is because it has to be their idea,” Robbins said.\n\nC is for compliment: When you see them making an effort, no matter how small, give a compliment, such as “I’m proud of you.” Also model the behavior you want to see in your family, friends or coworkers. It seems simple, but Robbins said it works and so do behavioral scientists with whom she spoke.\n\nIt turns out the more you push someone to do something, even when it’s for their own benefit, the more they resist. This negative reaction is called psychological reactance, according to the Cleveland Clinic. You are trying to control their behavior, and they want their own control. In the end, you could make it worse if you don’t understand how our brains work. I know this because I’m guilty of it.\n\nCNN anchor Sara Sidner admits to feeling happier and lighter after following Mel Robbins\' principles while undergoing treatment for breast cancer. Nick Godsell/CNN\n\nI have tried the “let them, let me” technique. Not as artfully as Robbins has laid it out, but a rougher version of it. In a short time, my relationship with my mom has gotten more loving and more fun. I hadn’t realized how often I was nagging both my mom and myself. I do it because I don’t want anything bad to happen to the mother I love so much or me. Somehow, I thought I could control that. Then I got breast cancer. Something I was unable to stop happening to me.\n\nI had the fortune to read Robbins’ book while I have been going through treatment. I realized I’d been treating myself (in my head) and my mom (out loud) like petulant teenagers who refused to obey my rules and had to pay for their disobedience with my bad moods, frustration and silence.\n\nNow months after being in treatment and putting Robbins’ principles into practice, I feel a bit lighter and a lot happier. Life itself is more fun and less exhausting because I am not trying to control everything around me. And I can launch myself out of bed before I start nagging myself into oblivion. It is no wonder people around the world are so enthralled and inspired by Robbins’ latest book, “The Let Them Theory,” that they are tattooing the two-word message on their bodies. To that I say, “Let them.”'}, {'name': 'Paris Olympics 2024 - latest news, videos, interviews and features - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 25, 920706), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'As states diverge on immigration, hospitals say they won’t turn patients away - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 23, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 27, 315374), 'text': "KFF Health News —\n\nCalifornia is advising health care providers not to write down patients’ immigration status on bills and medical records and telling them they don’t have to assist federal agents in arrests. Some Massachusetts hospitals and clinics are posting privacy rights in emergency and waiting rooms in Spanish and other languages.\n\nMeanwhile, Florida and Texas are requiring health care facilities to ask the immigration status of patients and tally the cost to taxpayers of providing care to immigrants living in the U.S. without authorization.\n\nDonald Trump returned to the White House declaring a national emergency at the U.S.-Mexico border, suspending refugee admissions, and challenging birthright citizenship, or the policy of giving U.S. citizenship to anyone born in the U.S. As he begins carrying out the “largest deportation operation” in the nation’s history, states have offered starkly different guidelines to hospitals, community clinics, and other health facilities for immigrant patients.\n\nTrump has also rescinded a long-standing policy not to arrest people without legal status at or near sensitive locations, including schools, churches, and hospitals. A proposal to formalize such protections died in Congress in 2023.\n\nBut no matter the guidelines that states issue, hospitals around the U.S. say patients won’t be turned away for care because of their immigration status. “None of this changes the care patients receive,” said Carrie Williams, a spokesperson for the Texas Hospital Association, which represents hospitals and health care systems in the state. “We don’t want people to avoid care and worsen because they are concerned about immigration questions.”\n\nDuring Trump’s first term, immigration agents arrested people receiving emergency care in hospitals and a child during an ambulance transfer. Immigration officers in Texas arrested a woman awaiting brain surgery in a hospital in Fort Worth. In Portland, Oregon, officers arrested a young man leaving a hospital, and in San Bernardino, California, a woman drove herself to the hospital to give birth after her husband was arrested at a gas station.\n\nAn estimated 11 million immigrants live in the United States without authorization, with the largest numbers in California, Texas, Florida, New York, New Jersey, and Illinois, according to Pew Research Center.\n\nHalf of immigrant adults likely without authorization are uninsured, compared with fewer than 1 in 10 citizens, according to the 2023 KFF-Los Angeles Times Survey of Immigrants, the largest nongovernmental survey of immigrants in the U.S. to date. While some states are highlighting health care expenses incurred by immigrants, a KFF brief noted that immigrants contribute more to the system through health insurance premiums and taxes than they use. Immigrants also have lower health care costs than citizens.\n\nSome health care providers fear Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents will disrupt their work at health facilities and cause patients, particularly children, to skip medical care. On Trump’s first day, the Republican president issued an executive order aimed at ending birthright citizenship for children born to a parent without legal authorization or on a visa, which could leave them ineligible for federal health and social programs. The order was immediately challenged by states and a civil rights group.\n\n“You are instilling fear into folks who may defer care, who may go without care, whose children may not get the vaccines they need, who may not be able to get treatment for an ear infection or surgery,” said Minal Giri, a pediatrician and the chair of the Refugee/Immigrant Child Health Initiative at the Illinois chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics.\n\nA recent survey conducted by the Im/migrant Well-Being Research Center at the University of South Florida found that 66% of noncitizens reported increased hesitation in seeking care after Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis signed a law in 2023 requiring hospitals that accept Medicaid to ask about a patient’s legal status. That’s compared with just 27% for citizens.\n\n“That really was alarming to me to see how this law made people hesitant to go to the doctor, even in an emergency,” said Liz Ventura Molina, a co-author of the survey and report.\n\nIn signing the law, DeSantis touted it as “the most ambitious anti-illegal immigration” legislation in the nation. This month, the Republican governor called for a special session of the state legislature to help support Trump’s immigration agenda.\n\nJackson Health System, a public safety net provider in Miami, said in a statement that quarterly reports to the state don’t contain individual patient information. “We do adhere to all required cooperation with law enforcement agencies, including ICE, as part of any criminal investigations, understanding that privacy laws mandate we only release private patient information through a court-ordered warrant.”\n\nIn August, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican, issued an executive order similar to Florida’s law to record health care costs incurred by immigrants without legal authorization. All hospitals that receive funding from Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program are expected to begin reporting the data to Texas Health and Human Services in March.\n\nEven cities controlled by Democrats are walking a fine line. New York City Mayor Eric Adams met in December with Trump’s incoming “border czar,” Tom Homan, and pledged to remove immigrants who have been convicted of a major felony and lack legal status to remain in the country.\n\nAt the same time, Adams proposed an awareness campaign to let immigrants and asylum-seekers know they are safe to use the city’s hospital systems.\n\nSome states are going further by advising health facilities to do all they can to protect immigrant patients.\n\nIn December, California Attorney General Rob Bonta released a 42-page document recommending providers avoid including patients’ immigration status in bills and medical records. The guidance also emphasized that while providers should not physically obstruct immigration agents, they are under no obligation to assist with an arrest.\n\nAccording to the document, health care facilities should post information about patients’ right to remain silent and are encouraged to provide patients with contact information for legal-aid groups “in the event that a parent is taken into immigration custody.” If feasible, it says, the facility should designate an immigrant-affairs liaison to help train staff and provide nonlegal advice to families.\n\n“We cannot let the Trump deportation machine create a culture of fear and mistrust that prevents immigrants from accessing vital public services,” said Bonta, a Democrat.\n\nOn Tuesday, the Trump administration directed the Department of Justice to investigate state and local officials who don’t cooperate with immigration enforcement. During Trump’s first term, California limited cooperation with federal authorities, citing public safety and community trust concerns. The department, then under Jeff Sessions, sued to block the law but the state won in federal court, arguing that states have the authority to decide whether local resources are used to enforce federal law. The Trump administration appealed, but the Supreme Court turned down the petition.\n\nUnder California law, state-run health care facilities are required to adopt policies to limit their participation in immigration enforcement, and private entities are encouraged to follow similar protocols. David Simon, a spokesperson for the California Hospital Association, which represents more than 400 hospitals, said members have incorporated such policies, ensuring patient privacy.\n\n“Hospitals don’t call ICE about patients,” Simon said.\n\nCalifornia is bracing for a new round of clashes with Trump. Gov. Gavin Newsom and fellow Democratic state leaders have agreed to set aside $50 million for litigation and grants to nonprofit immigrant groups.\n\nGet CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Friday from the CNN Health team.\n\nLawmakers in New Jersey are considering legislation to limit health care facilities from asking about a patient’s immigration status. The bill would also require the state attorney general to establish policies for hospitals and health care facilities for ensuring patient access.\n\nIn New York City, hospital administrators are directing staff to seek guidance from an “immigration liaison” if immigration authorities show up, and to take photos and videos of any enforcement actions if they can’t reach them first. They are also discouraging staff from actively helping a person hide from ICE. In Massachusetts, some clinics and hospitals are training staff on how to read ICE warrants and plan to require ICE agents to identify themselves and present a warrant if they want to enter a private area.\n\n“You can’t be scrambling in the moment,” said Altaf Saadi, a neurologist who co-directs a clinic for asylum-seekers at the Massachusetts General Hospital. “We have to prepare for these worst-case scenarios, and we hope that they don’t happen, but we do need to be prepared.”\n\nThis article was produced by KFF Health News, a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism. KFF Health News is the publisher of California Healthline, an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation."}, {'name': 'Middle East news - breaking news, video, headlines and opinion - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 28, 237902), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'Artisan Setaro is the only producer left in Italy’s first capital of pasta - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2024, 12, 21, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 29, 259634), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'Seasonal affective disorder: Self-care tips to fight winter depression - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2023, 11, 12, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 30, 983670), 'text': 'Sign up for CNN’s Sleep, But Better newsletter series. Our seven-part guide has helpful hints to achieve better sleep.\n\nCNN —\n\nThe start of a new year means continued short days and long nights. While some might be unhappy over the lack of daylight outside, millions of people have to worry about a more severe type of sadness: the winter blues.\n\nSeasonal affective disorder is a type of depression that occurs in late fall and winter that has to do with the lack of sunlight.\n\nHaving shorter days and longer nights during fall and winter can disrupt a 24-hour clock inside our bodies called the circadian rhythm. This clock regulates multiple bodily processes and is influenced by the day-night cycle, said circadian rhythm expert Joseph Takahashi, professor and chair of the neuroscience department at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, via email. Disrupted circadian responses may affect brain regions involved in mood, along with causing fatigue and low energy from lack of sleep.\n\nTaking care of your health is key to dealing with seasonal affective disorder. Here’s what experts say you can do to manage seasonal affective disorder. Remember to talk to your medical provider before starting any new treatments.\n\nTry bright light therapy\n\nLight therapy is the go-to treatment for seasonal affective disorder. It involves exposing yourself to a light box with at least 10,000 lux for at least 30 minutes. (Lux is a unit of measurement for light level intensity.)\n\n“A bright sunny day is 50,000 to 100,000 lux,” said Dr. Jason Tucciarone, an instructor of psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine. While you can purchase a light box of lower intensity, you will have to spend more time sitting in front of it.\n\nThere are two ways a light box helps with seasonal affective disorder. First, mimicking outdoor light corrects the internal clock thrown out of sync from shorter days in winter. Another way is by increasing levels of serotonin, a brain chemical involved in balancing mood.\n\nYou can use the light box at any time, but morning use can give you more energy for the rest of the day. “Look away from it and do something where you’re sitting in front of the light, whether it’s eating breakfast, reading the news or anything that will keep you busy for 30 minutes,” Tucciarone said. Make sure to stay 2 to 3 feet away from it and do not look directly into the box because 10,000 lux can hurt your eyes.\n\nInvest in a dawn simulator\n\nThese type of alarm clocks imitate natural sunlight. When it’s time to wake up, the light gradually increases in intensity.\n\nSome research suggests dawn simulators may be just as effective in reducing depressive symptoms. They may be a good addition to your light box therapy, Tucciarone said, as you can get exposed to light the moment you wake up without straining your eyes.\n\nPrioritize sleep at night\n\nThomas Kilkenny, a sleep specialist at Northwell Health in New York, emphasized the importance of getting enough sleep. The lack of sunlight from shorter winter days can disrupt our internal clocks that tell us when it’s time to be awake and when it’s time to wind down. The disrupted sleep schedule can cause insomnia and excessive daytime sleepiness.\n\nGet ready for bed an hour before you plan to go, Kilkenny recommended. Dim the lights, use the bathroom and avoid arguments or emotional situations where you’re going to get yourself worked up. Additionally, avoid using electronics as you start to wind down as they can make it harder to fall asleep.\n\n“Phones and computers have bright light which can trick your mind into thinking it’s daylight,” Tucciarone said.\n\nFinally, he advised having a stable sleep schedule, which entails going to bed around the same time every night and waking up the same time every morning.\n\nGo for a walk outside\n\nExercise works as a mood booster as it releases chemicals such as serotonin and endorphins to make you feel good and cope better with stress. Even a low-impact activity such as a 10-to-15 minute brisk walk can improve depressive symptoms.\n\nGoing outside for a small walk can be even more beneficial, Kilkenny said, since you are simultaneously exposing yourself to bright light.\n\nIf you are going to exercise, Kilkenny recommended doing it in the morning rather than at night. “Working out a couple of hours before bed will actually raise your body temperature, which is a bad idea,” he said.\n\nSocialize with other people\n\nFeeling an urge to hibernate for the winter? Social isolation is common among people with seasonal affective disorder, and isolating may contribute to depressive symptoms. Recently, the US surgeon general reported that being socially disconnected was as bad for your health as smoking 15 cigarettes a day.\n\n“Socialization is really important in treating disorders in general,” Tucciarone said. “Isolating is not good for mood.” You may not feel up to a party or a dinner date, but even small amounts of companionship can make a difference. One suggestion from Tucciarone is having a buddy with you when taking outdoor walks.\n\nGet medical attention\n\nCognitive behavioral therapy has people with seasonal affective disorder work to develop an awareness on what they’re experiencing, identify negative thoughts and come up with strategies to replace the thoughts with more positive ones, said Lucian Manu, a psychiatrist at Stony Brook Medicine in New York.\n\nCognitive behavioral therapy may be more effective than light therapy at preventing remissions. One study found that six weeks of cognitive behavioral therapy helped reduce depressive symptoms and reduced the chances of developing seasonal affective disorder the following winter.\n\nAntidepressants are another option that Manu recommended for people with severe seasonal affective disorder. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, for example, work to boost serotonin levels, which can help boost mood. A popular prescription is bupropion, which Manu said helps in managing increasing sleep (along with appetite and weight) for people with seasonal affective disorder.\n\nThis has been updated from a November 2023 story.\n\nJocelyn Solis-Moreira is a New York-based freelance health and science journalist.'}, {'name': 'Why it’s important to keep exercising in cold weather, according to a doctor - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2024, 11, 21, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 32, 56763), 'text': "Sign up for CNN’s Fitness, But Better newsletter series. Our seven-part guide will help you ease into a healthy routine, backed by experts.\n\nCNN —\n\nThe weather is chilly in many parts of the United States, including some parts of the Gulf Coast not used to low temperatures — but cold weather doesn’t mean that you have to stop your exercise routines.\n\nI spoke with CNN wellness expert Dr. Leana Wen to find out how to keep moving in winter. What kind of exercise is best during chilly weather? How can people safely and enjoyably participate in physical activity outdoors when it’s cold out?\n\nWen is an emergency physician and clinical associate professor at the George Washington University. She previously served as Baltimore’s health commissioner.\n\nCNN: How much exercise people should aim to do weekly?\n\nDr. Leana Wen: No matter the season, adults should aim for at least 150 minutes a week of moderate-intensity physical activity, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This includes exercise such as jogging, biking, playing tennis — and in the winter, skiing and snowshoeing. Vigorous household tasks like shoveling snow can count, too.\n\nThat exercise is worth it. According to one recent study, people who achieved this amount of exercise per week had a 31% lower risk of mortality, 27% lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease, and 12% lower risk of developing cancer compared with inactive participants. Importantly, those who achieved just half this amount (75 minutes per week) also had substantial health benefits, with a 23% lower risk of early death, a 17% lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease, and 7% lower risk of developing cancer.\n\nCNN: Do we need to do all those 150 minutes at once? What about doing a little bit of exercise every day?\n\nWen: It’s not ideal to stay sedentary most of the time. A recent study concluded that people who predominantly sit at work have a 16% higher risk of mortality from all causes and a 34% higher risk of cardiovascular disease. These more sedentary individuals need to compensate for their lifestyle by engaging in even more physical activity compared with those who move around more at work.\n\nWhen possible, aim to get a little bit of exercise every day, even if it’s 10 to 15 minutes of brisk walking. You can still do a longer session on the weekend when you have more time— that does have benefits— but it is important to get moving throughout the day.\n\nCNN: Is indoor or outdoor exercise better for you?\n\nWen: The kind of exercise that’s best is whatever you can do consistently.\n\nSome people love going to the gym, and that’s their preferred place to exercise no matter the weather. Great—they should continue that practice. Others may not love the gym, but they don’t like exercising outdoors when it’s cold. Also great! It’s fine to replace your regular outdoor jog in winter with an indoor session on the treadmill or elliptical machine.\n\nIf you want to keep exercising outdoors, even if it’s cold outside, that’s OK as long as you take certain precautions.\n\nCNN: What precautions would you take to exercise during cold weather?\n\nWen: There are five important steps to consider.\n\nFirst, know yourself. Are you someone used to cold weather exercise, or are you trying it for the first time? If it’s the latter, and especially if you are older and have chronic medical conditions, you should consult with a doctor and, assuming you are cleared to go, start slow.\n\nGradually increase the amount of time you are outside. Stay close to home or to your vehicle so that you can get inside if it gets too uncomfortable. Instead of doing a long out-and-back run, consider shorter loops of the same path so that you can always reach shelter if you need to end your workout early.\n\nSecond, know the weather. Look up the forecast in advance and be aware of factors like the wind chill, which can make the temperature feel a lot colder than the thermometer may indicate. Try to go during the warmest part of the day. And beware of rain and snow, which can also make you feel a lot colder.\n\nThird, know the risks and anticipate accordingly. Two specific cold-related health risks are hypothermia and frostbite. Hypothermia is abnormally low body temperature caused by your body losing heat faster than it can be produced. It can be dangerous and can lead to death. Frostbite is an injury to a specific part of the body that is caused by exposure to freezing temperatures.\n\nYou can reduce the risk of hypothermia by wearing the right clothes that are appropriate for the weather in your area. That includes wearing layers and choosing materials like technical fabrics that wick sweat away from the body, then taking off the layers and putting them back on depending on where you are in the workout and how are you feeling.\n\nYou can reduce the risk of frostbite by covering up the most sensitive parts of your body, such as your ears (with earmuffs or a hat) and hands (with gloves). If you do get wet by being in the rain or snow, make sure to take off wet clothes as soon as you return home, dry off, and warm up.\n\nMake sure to dress appropriately if you're heading outside in winter to exercise. Jordan Siemens/Stone RF/Getty Images/File\n\nFourth, make sure to hydrate. People often associate the need for hydration with hot weather exercise. But it’s also important to keep hydrated when exercising in cold weather, especially because cold may even diminish the sensation of thirst so that your body doesn’t give you feedback that you need water. It’s always a good idea to hydrate before you exercise, and if you will be out for more than an hour, bring a bottle of water or electrolyte solution with you.\n\nFifth, let others know your plan. One of the hallmark symptoms of hypothermia is confusion. People become disoriented and may not know that they need to head to warmth. On very cold days, and especially if you are not used to cold weather exercise, go with someone else. If you are headed out alone, make sure someone knows where you are and knows to call for help if you are not back by a certain time.\n\nCNN: Are there situations where it’s better to stay indoors?\n\nWen: This sometimes depends on the individual. A lot of people won’t like exercising outdoors when it’s raining and snowing. For some, that will differ by sport. For instance, I would go running at a lower temperature than I would go biking. The tolerance for specific temperatures depends on the person and what they are used to.\n\nMy best advice is to stay within your comfort zone. If you are doing something that you haven’t done before, go with someone else and make sure to have a plan for getting to a warm place quickly you aren’t feeling up to it.\n\nTake extra care if you are older, are on medications or have chronic medical conditions that may blunt your body’s temperature regulation. No matter if you are a newbie or experienced outdoor athlete, hydrate and do dynamic stretches before and after your workout. And listen to your body—know your limits and be cautious especially when facing the extremes of weather."}, {'name': 'Popular GLP-1 medications may have health benefits that extend beyond weight loss and blood sugar control, a new study finds - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 20, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 34, 200608), 'text': "CNN —\n\nPopular GLP-1 medications approved for weight loss, diabetes, and heart disease may have untapped potential to reduce the risks of substance abuse disorders, psychosis, infections, some kinds of cancer and dementia, a sweeping new study suggests.\n\nThe research also points to important and perhaps underappreciated risks of these drugs. These risks primarily involved the digestive system and included nausea and vomiting, stomach pain, heartburn and gastroparesis, or stomach paralysis. Beyond the gut, people who took GLP-1 medications were also more likely to be diagnosed with problems in their bones and joints, like arthritis and tendinitis, compared with people taking other medications to manage their blood sugar.\n\nOut of 175 different outcomes researchers included in the study, they found people who took GLP-1 medications had lower risks of 42 different health outcomes and higher risks for 19. Some of the biggest risk reductions were for shock, aspiration pneumonia, liver failure, lung failure and cardiac arrest.\n\nThough they found more benefits associated with the GLP-1 drugs than risks, study author Dr. Ziyad Al-Aly, who is chief of research and development at the VA St. Louis Health Care System, said people shouldn’t take that as an unconditional green light.\n\n“It’s hard to make a blanket recommendation, because the side effects are real,” Al-Aly said. “I think people should have a conversation with their practitioners or their doctor or provider and do their own individualized risk benefit analysis,” he said.\n\nThough people have shared personal stories of the medications’ sometimes surprising side effects, such as pregnancy, and individual studies have hinted at new benefits and risks, there have been few studies that have been able to take a comprehensive look at how these medications, which include Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro and Zepbound, may change a person’s overall health.\n\nThe study, published Monday in the journal Nature Medicine, is one of the first big-picture looks at the benefits and risks of these new drugs, which rapidly made an impact on health care, insurance coverage, the grocery industry, and even the economy of an entire country (Denmark, where Novo Nordisk, the maker of Ozempic and Wegovy is based.) These drugs have also been given partial credit for a recent dip in obesity rates in the US, which dropped in 2023 for the first time in over a decade.\n\nFor the investigation, a team led by Al-Aly sifted through the records of nearly 2 million people with diabetes who were treated by the Veterans Health Administration for an average of almost four years between October 2017 and the end of December 2023.\n\nIt compared nearly 216,000 people who were prescribed GLP-1 medications to people prescribed three other kinds of medications to lower their blood sugar, as well as those who enrolled in the system with diabetes who continued to take the medications they had already been prescribed without any changes to their therapy, meaning they didn’t start a new drug during this time. All told, the study utilized the medical histories of 2.4 million people.\n\nAl-Aly used these records to build what he calls “an atlas of association,” or a wide-ranging picture of the risks and benefits of the drugs throughout the body.\n\nOthers said the study was helpful in thinking about the medications on a larger scale.\n\n“It’s a very interesting study,” said Dr. Scott Butsch, who is director of obesity medicine at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio, who was not involved in the research. “This paper extends our current knowledge of the effectiveness of this class of medications.”\n\nWeighing benefits and risks\n\nThe greatest risk increases were seen for nausea and vomiting, kidney stones, gastroesophageal reflux disease or GERD, sleep disturbances and non-infectious gastroenteritis, which is inflammation of the digestive tract which can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and stomach cramps.\n\nThe increased risk of nausea and vomiting will probably not come as a surprise to anyone who has taken these medications. The increased risk of kidney stones, on the other hand, might be less familiar.\n\n“That may be related to the possibility that people, when they are on GLP-1, they definitely eat a whole lot less to lose weight, but they also hydrate themselves less,” Al-Aly said in a news briefing. “Perhaps that chronic dehydration leads to increased risk of stones.”\n\nThe drugs also appeared to be linked to kidney benefits, too. There were decreased risks that a person might experience chronic kidney disease and urinary tract infections.\n\nThe study has several important caveats. First, most of the patients whose records were used for the study were older, White and male, which is typical of the population served by the VA health system.\n\nOn average, people in the study were over age 65, more than 70% were White, and more than 92% were men, so the study results may not apply to other types of GLP-1 users. And everyone in the study had diabetes, so no one was taking these medications solely for weight loss. While diabetes and obesity pose many of the same risks to the body, they aren’t exactly the same, so it’s hard to know whether that also influenced the results.\n\nFor example, the study found GLP-1 users had a 7% greater risk of developing gastroparesis compared with people who were using other types of medications to lower their blood sugar. But having diabetes also puts a person at increased risk for developing gastroparesis, so it’s difficult to know if the risks would look the same for people who don’t have the condition.\n\nBut these kinds of studies are very good at generating new research questions — like why would medication that helps people lose weight be associated with an increased risk of arthritis, as this study showed?\n\nThe study is also observational, which means it can’t prove cause and effect. Very often in medicine, observational studies find that two things often happen at the same time — for example, countries with high chocolate consumption produce more Nobel prize winners per capita. But that doesn’t mean eating chocolate makes you smarter.\n\n“It’s kind of almost like a road map for future studies, but it also gives me confirmation of some of the hunches I’ve had, and maybe it might affect some of my decision making with patients,” said Dr. Melanie Jay, who studies the treatment and prevention of obesity at NYU Langone Health. She was not involved in the research.\n\nImprovements seem related reductions in fat and inflammation\n\nAl-Aly said when he looks at his results, he thinks the drugs probably act via two different pathways. One relates to the reduction in obesity and the risks that go with that. The other has to do with reducing inflammation.\n\nHe said there’s also appears to be an effect in the brain, which has GLP-1 receptors, and in the lining of the blood vessels.\n\nSome of the most pronounced brain benefits found in the study related to reduced risks for psychosis and schizophrenia.\n\n“I was surprised. Like, why would they work in schizophrenia and psychotic disorders?” Al-Aly said. He was surprised, when he searched the medical literature, that this finding hadn’t come out of the blue. There have been some studies suggesting that GLP-1 medications reduce symptoms of schizophrenia in animals.\n\nThe drugs were linked to small reduction — 12% — in the risk of dementia and other neurocognitive disorders, including Alzheimer’s disease. Al-Aly thinks that might be an underestimate because even though the study followed huge numbers of people, it covered only about four years, so they might have seen more Alzheimer’s cases if the study had gone on for longer, which might have translated to a larger benefit.\n\nThere were other benefits seen in the brain, too. GLP-1 drugs also seemed to reduce a person’s risk for seizures and bleeding strokes. As some people have already noticed, the drugs appear to cut the risk for some substance use disorders, including addictions to opioids, alcohol, stimulants and sedatives.\n\nMore research needed\n\nJay said she had hoped to see more information around eating disorders, including binge-eating disorder. The drugs famously turn off what users call “food noise” or intrusive thoughts of food. The study did show a reduction in bulimia, or binge-eating with purging, but didn’t contain any information specifically about binge-eating disorder, where people don’t purge, or anorexia, where people restrict calories. There have been anecdotal reports that GLP-1 medications may contribute to anorexia by blunting hunger cues for people who’ve developed an unhealthy aversion to food.\n\n“I’ve had a few patients with bulimia, and it’s not certain whether it would be safe or not to put them on it,” Jay said. “But the fact that it, like, is associated with an improvement would make me a little bit feel a little bit better about putting someone on that medicine if they have bulimia, as long as I’m following them closely,” she said.\n\nAnd contrary to some fears that GLP-1 medications might increase the risk of depression and suicidality, as other weight loss drugs have in the past, this study found that these newer medications were linked to a lower risk of suicidal ideation, suicide attempts, and the intention to self-harm.\n\nAnother surprising link had to do with aspiration pneumonia, or the risk that someone might vomit and some of that undigested food might get into their lungs and cause an infection. Anesthesiologists have been especially concerned about this risk after discovering patients on GLP-1 medications have gone into surgeries with lots of food left in their stomachs, which puts them at risk for this complication.\n\nThe new study found a lower risk for aspiration pneumonia in patients taking GLP-1 medications, compared with people who didn’t.\n\n“But here it is, and you’re looking at a VA population, which is usually an older, sicker population, and you’re seeing actually potentially decreased risks,” of aspiration pneumonia, Butsch said.\n\nIt’s not clear how the drugs might be tied to that decreased risk, however, and this might be one of those outcomes that needs further study.\n\nGet CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Friday from the CNN Health team.\n\nThe study showed people taking GLP-1 drugs also had lower risks of some kinds of infections including pneumonia, sepsis and bacterial infections. They were also less likely than those taking other medications to experience some kinds of clotting disorders like pulmonary embolisms and deep vein thrombosis.\n\nAl-Aly said he was inspired to do the study by the story of statin drugs, like Lipitor, which are prescribed to treat high cholesterol. After those were introduced, studies began to suggest they, too, had benefits which extended beyond their use in preventing heart attacks and strokes, such as lowering the risk of some types of cancer and perhaps protecting the brain from dementia.\n\nHe said studies like this one weren’t possible when those drugs first became available, but he thinks the role of big data in getting a wider look at what drugs might do, is important to consider.\n\nWhile all of these potential benefits are exciting, experts said they need much more study, and even then, whether they might ever be utilized as a treatment for schizophrenia, for example, would depend on a number of factors: how much and how consistently they work, as well as how they compare to treatments that are already available. There’s at least one study underway to try to answer some of those questions.\n\nOther studies are also testing to see whether drugs like Ozempic might be helpful in the setting of substance abuse."}, {'name': 'Jan. 24 called worst day of the year - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2005, 1, 21, 11, 44, 41, tzinfo=tzutc()), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 36, 187694), 'text': "Is the midwinter weather wearing you down? Are you sinking in debt after the holidays? Angry with yourself for already breaking your New Year's resolutions? Wish you could crawl back under the covers and not have to face another day of rain, sleet, snow and paperwork? Probably. After all, it's Jan. 24, the “most depressing day of the year,” according to a U.K. psychologist.\n\nDr. Cliff Arnall's calculations show that misery peaks Monday.\n\nArnall, who specializes in seasonal disorders at the University of Cardiff, Wales, created a formula that takes into account numerous feelings to devise peoples' lowest point.\n\nThe model is: [W + (D-d)] x TQ\n\nM x NA\n\nThe equation is broken down into seven variables: (W) weather, (D) debt, (d) monthly salary, (T) time since Christmas, (Q) time since failed quit attempt, (M) low motivational levels and (NA) the need to take action.\n\n‘Reality starts to kick in’\n\nArnall found that, while days technically get longer after Dec. 21, cyclonic weather systems take hold in January, bringing low, dark clouds to Britain. Meanwhile, the majority of people break their healthy resolutions six to seven days into the new year, and even the hangers-on have fallen off the wagon, torn off the nicotine patches and eaten the fridge empty by the third week. Any residual dregs of holiday cheer and family fun have kicked the bucket by Jan. 24.\n\n“Following the initial thrill of New Year's celebrations and changing over a new leaf, reality starts to sink in,” Arnall said. “The realization coincides with the dark clouds rolling in and the obligation to pay off Christmas credit card bills.”\n\nThe formula was devised to help a travel company “analyze when people book holidays and holiday trends,” said Alex Kennedy, spokesperson for Porter Novelli, a London-based PR agency.\n\nIt seems that people are most likely to buy a ticket to paradise when they feel like hell.\n\n“People feel bleak when they have nothing planned, but once they book a holiday they have a goal, they work toward having time off and a relaxing period,” Kennedy said.\n\n“When you imagine yourself on the beach it makes you feel positive. You will save money, go to the gym and come back to the optimism you had at the end of 2004,” she said.\n\nIn U.K., up to a third get SAD\n\nResearch shows an escape to the sun can have real health benefits.\n\nUp to a third of the population, in Britain at least, suffers from seasonal affective disorder, or SAD, also known as winter depression, according to MIND, a leading mental health charity in England and Wales. Furthermore, nine out of 10 people report sleeping and eating more during the darker months.\n\nWhile most cases of the winter blues are not severe, 2 percent to 5 percent of those with SAD cannot function without continuous treatment.\n\nHowever, it's extremely rare to find anyone with the disorder within 30 degrees of the equator, where days are long and the sky is bright year-round, according to MIND.\n\nAlthough their findings appear to support a key factor in Arnall's research for Porter Novelli and its client, Sky Travel, the charity warned against overemphasizing the psychologist's claims.\n\n“These types of formulae, if anything, probably serve to oversimplify the complexities of real-life experience,” a spokesperson said on customary condition of anonymity.\n\nOthers in the medical field were less skeptical.\n\n“I’m sure it's right,” said Dr. Alan Cohen, spokesperson for the Royal College of General Practitioners, referring to Arnall's equation.\n\nHowever, “it is postulated that there are a number of different causes of depression,” he said.\n\n“It may be something about one’s personality, genes or external events. For those who suffer from external events, [Jan. 24] would be the most depressing day,” Cohen said.\n\nWhile travel companies hope to turn gloom into gold this date, for those unable to book a last-minute tropical getaway, Arnall might want to consider a formula for the “happiest day of the year.”"}, {'name': 'CNN Travel - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 37, 520865), 'text': ''}, {'name': 'Weekend warriors are lowering their risk of early death, study says - CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2022, 7, 9, 0, 0), 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 39, 949371), 'text': 'Subscribe to CNN’s Fitness, But Better newsletter. Sign up for our newsletter series to ease into a healthy routine, backed by experts.\n\nCNN —\n\nWeekend warriors can still stave off disease even if they are packing their workouts into a couple of days, according to a new study.\n\nAdults should get 150 minutes of physical activity and two days of muscle strengthening activity a week, according to the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans. If you are trying to spread that out over the week along with work, errands, cooking and cleaning, it can sound like a lot.\n\nPeople who are physically active – whether that is on weekends only or more often – have lower mortality rates than inactive people, according to a study published Tuesday in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.\n\nThere wasn’t a big difference in all-cause or cause-specific mortality between those who exercise regularly and weekend warriors, as long as they were getting the same amount of moderate to vigorous physical activity in a week, said study author Leandro Rezende, adjunct professor of epidemiology in the department of preventive medicine at the Federal University of Sao Paulo in Brazil.\n\n“This is good news considering that the weekend warrior physical activity pattern may be a more convenient option for many people to achieve the recommended levels of physical activity,” Rezende said in an email.\n\nAs long as you are getting the 150 minutes of exercise that adults need each week – or more – working out whenever you can fit it in may help lower your mortality rate, according to the study.\n\nThe results could help public health officials promote physical activity even among busy people and support the idea that “every minute of physical activity counts,” said Eric Shiroma, staff scientist at the National Institute on Aging.\n\nCNN fitness contributor Dana Santas often hears clients talk about their crazy weekday schedules as a reason for not exercising.\n\n“Understandably, they don’t want to sacrifice much-needed sleep by getting up early or lose invaluable family dinner time by going to the gym right after work,” said Santas, a certified strength and conditioning specialist and mind-body coach in professional sports. “Those are valid concerns as we all need sleep to function.\n\n“And family dinners not only represent quality time but also increase the odds of eating healthy as opposed to grabbing fast food.”\n\nAdults should get at least 150 minutes of exercise a week, whether it be over the week or on the weekend, the study said. Twinsterphoto/Adobe Stock\n\nOther health impacts to look out for\n\nThe mortality benefits of weekend exercise are great news for people with busy weekdays, Santas said. But there are advantages to working out during the week.\n\nThe study didn’t account for sleep, injury or mental health impacts of regular daily exercise, so it is important to keep that in mind, she added.\n\n“Bodies are designed for movement,” Santas said. “Being sedentary all week long could increase susceptibility to injury if you go too hard in your weekend workouts.”\n\nWith that in mind, it is even more important for weekend warriors to make sure they are properly warming up and paying attention to form, she said.\n\nA study from 2018 also found that exercise plays a big role in mental health. Participants in the study who reported exercising at all had about 1.5 fewer days of “bad self-reported mental health” in the past month compared with those who did not exercise.\n\nAnd a big part of many aspects of health is getting good sleep. Getting enough daily exercise can help our bodies crave rest naturally at the end of the day, Santas said.\n\nThat daily exercise to help with sleep doesn’t necessarily have to make you sweaty and out of breath, but you should strive for increased respiration and heart rate, she added.\n\nThat could mean devoting 20 to 25 minutes to a brisk walk, a bike ride or body weight exercises for better sleep, Santas said.\n\nShiroma recommended five ways to keep physical activity as part of your life: Find small ways like taking the stairs; exercise in ways you enjoy; make it social with friends; make and reward goals; and build back gradually when you fall off your routine.'}, {'name': 'Destinations - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 41, 855774), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'Americas news - breaking news, video, headlines and opinion - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 44, 25924), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}, {'name': 'Life, But Better - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 45, 399676), 'text': ''}, {'name': 'Indonesia Travel Guide - CNN', 'date': None, 'upload_date': datetime.datetime(2025, 1, 28, 12, 31, 47, 459406), 'text': '1. How relevant is this ad to you?\n\nVideo player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issues'}]